[CS] Broken compilation search added (#30353)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: tools/commit_slider/case_1.md

Reviewer: Can we reflect a problem, which is solved in this file, in the file name?

# Case #1. Cross-checking of performance degradation.
#### Themes: Mode and Template customization, API design
  

> For 2 given versions, defined by commit hashes and 2 models we need to resolve which of two changes (ov or model) caused degradation. I.e. we need to differentiate 2 possible cases:
> model-caused

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For 2 given versions, defined by commit hashes and 2 models, we need to resolve which of two changes (ov or model) caused degradation. In other words, we need to differentiate 2 possible cases:

model-caused:
```

|'Bad' model | model_1.xml| model_2.xml|
| --------     | -------    | -------|
| ov_version_1 | 100 % (ref)|50%     |

> | ov_version_2 | 98 %       |51%     |
> and ov - caused
> |'Bad' ov-version| model_1.xml| model_2.xml|

Reviewer: Need to add an empty string to fix the formatting
```suggestion
| ov_version_2 | 98 %       |51%     |

and ov - caused

|'Bad' ov-version| model_1.xml| model_2.xml|
```

Author: Applied

| --------     | -------    | -------|
| ov_version_1 | 100 % (ref)|98%     |
| ov_version_2 | 48% %       |51%     |

> 

Reviewer: Can we add a few introductory words regarding what we will be considering next?
As far as I understand, in this file we consider several scenarios (from simple to complex), in which we try to solve the above problem using the commit slider

Author: Done.

## Version 1. Reusing of existing classes

### Traversal

> We need full bypass of commit set (pair of commits in the given case), ignoring the result of a specific commit.

Reviewer: "ignoring the result of a specific commit" is not clear. Could you please reformulate or elaborate?

It corresponds to the existing `brute_force` traversal.

### Mode

> On every commit we print several commands.

Reviewer: "print" seems confusing. Maybe "run" is better?

For the first version, we also reuse the existing `Nop` (No Operation) mode with simple list of bash commands.

### Configuration

> The simplest configuration with default settings (openvino/, build/ and bit/intel64/Release/ paths correspondingly).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest configuration with default settings (openvino/, build/ and bin/intel64/Release/ paths correspondingly).
```

Author: Applied

```
We use explicitList instead of commit interval.
{
    "appCmd" : [
        "./benchmark_app -m model_1_path.xml",
        "./benchmark_app -m model_2_path.xml"
        ],
    "runConfig" : {
        "commitList" : {
            "explicitList" : [ "<start_commit>", "<end_commit>" ]
        },
    "mode" : "nop",
    "traversal" : "bruteForce"
}
```

> Or more specified and extended:

Reviewer: Minor: please add a clarification on when we need to use the extended configuration

Author: Done

```
{
    "appCmd" : [
        "echo first model",
        "./benchmark_app -m model_1_path.xml",
        "echo second model",
        "./benchmark_app -m model_2_path.xml"
        ],
    "appPath": "<path_to_benchmark_app>",
    "gitPath" : "<path_to_git_repository>",
    "buildPath" : "<path_to_build_dir>",
        "runConfig" : {
            "commitList" : {
                "explicitList" : [ "<start_commit>", "<end_commit>" ]
            },
    "mode" : "nop",
    "traversal" : "bruteForce"
}
```
### Example of launch and output
```
python3 commit_slider.py -cfg cfg.json

current commit: <start_commit_hash>
first model
<...> Throughput: 500 FPS
second model
<...> Throughput: 500 FPS

current commit: <end_commit_hash>
first model
<...> Throughput: 1000 FPS
second model
<...> Throughput: 1000 FPS

```
It faces given problem, but looks clumsy and verbose. We also need to interpret results ourselves.

## Second Version: Specific Mode

If there is no Mode which resolves commit with our task or we need more readable output and opportunity to handle every commit directly, we can implement custom Mode. We can also customize API.
### Mode
```

> # Mode suppose to be as much generic as possible and correspond all similar problems so not to be not connected with the separate user case, but as the example we provide simplified version.

Reviewer: Please write a comment on a few lines to avoid horizontal scrolling. The same for others long comments

        hash=commit.cHash,
        t1=commit.firstThroughput,
        t2=commit.secondThroughput)
```
### Configuration
```
supposedly we pass both commandlines launching models in two parameters cfg["runConfig"]["firstAppCmd"] and cfg["runConfig"]["secondAppCmd"], i.e.
cfg = { 
    "appCmd" : "{actualAppCmd}",
    "appPath": "<path_to_benchmark_app>",
    "gitPath" : "<path_to_git_repository>",
    "buildPath" : "<path_to_build_dir>",
        "runConfig" : {
            "commitList" : {
                "explicitList" : [ "{start}", "{end}" ]
            },
            "mode" : "crossCheck",
            "firstAppCmd" : "./benchmark_app -m model_1.xml --other_params",
            "secondAppCmd" : "./benchmark_app -m model_2.xml --other_params",
            "traversal" : "bruteForce"
        }
}
```
### Output
```
python3 commit_slider.py -cfg cfg.json

<hash_1>, throughput_1 = 500.0, throughput_2 = 500.0
<hash_2>, throughput_1 = 1000.0, throughput_2 = 1000.0

```
We've got rid of full output and learned to provide only necessary information, but we still limited by verbose configuration-style API and still provide raw output information.

> ## Third Version: Specific Template

Reviewer: Minor: please use a common style for Version naming. I'd suggest "Version 1, Version 2, Version 3"

Author: Applied

###  API design
We want to provide for user 2 ways to set up command lines for comparation. ```'appCmd' : ['./benchmark_app --parameters_1', './benchmark_app --parameters_2']``` for detailed parameters and simplified ```'par_1' : 'parameter_1', 'par_2' : 'parameter_2'``` supposing that substitute the placeholder ```'appCmd' : 'prefix {actualPar} postfix'```. The example of this approach may be ```'par_1' : 'model_1.xml', 'par_2' : 'model_2.xml' : 'parameter_2', 'appCmd' : './benchmark_app -m {actualPar} -i input.png'```
  

> ### Custom template

Reviewer: Can we define what mode and template means? Or refer to these terms from the README

Reviewer: I didn't find any information about template in README. If it is missed, can we add a few words on that, and refer to them here?

Author: Template description added to common_architecture + reference

```
from  utils.templates.common_template  import  Template

class  BenchmarkCrossCheckTemplate(Template):

def  printResult(commitPath, outLogger, getCommitInfo):
    # formatting of output anf post analisys
    print("\n" + "*" * 17 "<Commit slider output>" + "*" * 17 "\nTable of throughputs:" + '\n\t\thr_1\thr_2')
    for  pathcommit  in  commitPath.getList():
        commitInfo = getCommitInfo(pathcommit)
        cHash = pathcommit.cHash
        cHash = cHash[:7]
        commMsg = "{}\t\t{}\t{}".format( cHash,
            pathcommit.firstThroughput,
            pathcommit.secondThroughput)
        print(commMsg)
        outLogger.info(commitInfo)
    cPath = commitPath.getList()
    thr00 = float(cPath[0].firstThroughput)
    thr01 = float(cPath[0].secondThroughput)

>     thr10 = float(cPath[1].firstThroughput)

Reviewer: is `thr11` missed?

Author: No, we print full table, but for resolving the problem issue we need only 3 variables.

    print("*" * 58" + "\n")
    print("* m1 = {}".format(pathcommit.firstModel))
    print("** m2 = {}".format(pathcommit.secondModel))

def  generateFullConfig(cfg, customCfg):
    tmpJSON = cfg
    # handling input commits
    if  'c'  in  customCfg:
        curCfg = tmpJSON['runConfig']
        interval = customCfg['c'].split("..")
        start, end = interval[0], interval[1]
        curCfg['commitList'] = {'explicitList': [ start, end ] }
    tmpJSON['runConfig'] = curCfg
    # passing base parameters
    Template.passParameters([
       'gitPath', 'buildPath', 'appPath'
        ], customCfg, tmpJSON)
    # resolving of API types
    if  isinstance(customCfg['appCmd'], list):
        curCfg = tmpJSON['runConfig']
        curCfg['par_1'] = customCfg['appCmd'][0]
        curCfg['par_2'] = customCfg['appCmd'][1]
        tmpJSON['runConfig'] = curCfg
    else:
        curCfg = tmpJSON['runConfig']
        curCfg['par_1'] = customCfg['appCmd'].format(model=customCfg['modelList'][0])
        curCfg['par_2'] = customCfg['appCmd'].format(model=customCfg['modelList'][1])   
        tmpJSON['runConfig'] = curCfg
    tmpJSON['appCmd'] = "{actualPar}"
```
---
### Configuration and CLI

> First API

Reviewer: Please explain what "First" and "Second" API mean

Author: Done
